>> Brian Holt: This isn't very pretty.
We have a rich amount of
data about these animals.
It would be really cool if we could
show pictures and those sorts of things.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go back to pet.js and
we're gonna make it actually
display more things now.
>> Brian Holt: So-
>> Brian Holt: Let's do this.
So in theory, if you follow my styling or
my structure of my HTML and class names,
you should get all of the styling for
free because of the CSS that I gave you.
So go ahead and just delete all of this.
Let's ay class Pet
extends React.Component.
Something that I didn't mention before but
I should mention now.
Every React class component
has to have a render method,
100% of the time it must
have a render method.
>> Brian Holt: The render method-
>> Brian Holt: Has to return markup,
right?
Like the result of
a React.createElement call.
That's kind of the contract
that you have with React.
>> Brian Holt: The other thing is
that it should have no side effects,
which means that you shouldn't
modify any ambient state,
you can't call set state within render.
It has to be fast, because render is
gonna get called a lot, it's a very,
very hot code path, so you should be
very cautious to make render very quick.
Otherwise, it'll get slowed
down pretty quickly.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Name, animal, breed, media.
>> Brian Holt: This.props.
Here we're doing a bit of destructuring.
So we're gonna get props called name,
animal, breed, media and
location form the parent.
Because we will go do that later, we'll
go make it give us those things later.
But for now we can expect those
things coming in from the parent.
These are basically the required
parameters to render this correctly, okay?
And we know it's gonna be called there,
so this is called Destructing.
We're pulling these things out.
So now I have,
if I did console.log[name], right?
It would be basically the same as this
console.log(this.props.name), right?
All right,
those two things are kind of equivalent,
that's what destructuring does for you.
It's just a really easy way to
pull things out of an object.
If you already know what
the names are gonna be.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And we're gonna have to do some more
finagling with the photos cuz they come
back in kind of a weird thing.
So let photos =[],
if (media &&
media.photos &&
media.photos.photo)
>> Brian Holt: The nice thing is we know
this is always going to be an array,
that we don't have to check to see
if it's a single photo or not.
But they give us multiple
different sizes of each photo.
So they'll give you the thumbnails,
and it's all in the same array,
which is annoying, but that's okay.
So we're gonna say photos =
media.photos.photo.filter.
So, filter is like math,
it runs the same function in
every single item in the array.
If it returns true, it stays in the array.
If it returns false,
it kicks it out of the array.
So we're just going to filter, because we
just want one size of the photo, right?
We don't want to have the same photo
multiple times for each animal.
So photo, photo, and
the name of thing is @size.
>> Brian Holt: And we want pn.
>> Brian Holt: So this will keep only
one size of the photos for us so
then we can just display that one.
>> Brian Holt: So now we know photos
is going to be an array of photos,
we don't have to worry
about if it's empty or not.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then down here, we're going to
return div className equals "pet".
>> Brian Holt: And
div className = "image-container".
then here we're gonna put image
src = photos[0].value which is
actually gonna be the URL that it needs.
>> Brian Holt: So here's something
that I quite like about our,
yes, centrals that we set up.
It's gonna mark me right now and say,
hey, something's wrong with image.
And if you mouse over here,
it's like, if you have an image tag,
you have to give it an alt, right?
So that screen readers know
what the image is, right?
Because if someone's blind and
trying to look at your website,
and then you just put an image there
that's important to the content,
the screen reader's is gonna miss it.
Which means that the blind person doesn't
get to fully experience your website.
So, again,
you have to give it an alt here.
>> Brian Holt: And we're just gonna
give it the name of the animal.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
Div className="info".
>> Brian Holt: H1 with a name.
>> Brian Holt: H2 with-
>> Brian Holt: Animal
>> Brian Holt: M- breed
>> Brian Holt: Location
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So now our pet component
looks a lot nicer.
Now, we just have to go into our app and
make sure that we are passing down all
the correct data so
that we can render this pet correctly.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go into app.js,
we just need to pass a couple more things.
Media=[pet.media].
And, location=, and we're gonna give it,
this is called a template string.
So these are called back ticks, which is
the one to the left of 1 on your keyboard
if you're using an American keyboard.
So back tick.
>> Brian Holt: I guess you don't
have to do it, no, you do, okay.
>> Brian Holt: So
your gonna do [pet.contact.city],
[pet.contact.state].
>> Brian Holt: So
with template strings just so
you see it outside of JSX,
if I was doing like const x = 'My dog's
breed is $[breed], right?
So this will actually,
it's the same kinda thing with JSX, but
it's actually putting that actual variable
into the template string, right there.
That's how that works.
So that's what that dollar sign,
curly braces for template strings.
It's a JavaScript thing,
it's not a React thing.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is going to be city, state, right?
That's what we've done there
with the template string.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's go take a look and
make sure that we kinda got
what we were looking for.
And you can see now,
we have various animals coming in.
>> Brian Holt: Pretty cool, right?
Now, we have animals.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions?
>> Brian Holt: I see
a lot of perplexed faces.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, Mark?
>> off screen male: How many props should
we pass into a component before we start
using an object instead?
Or is using expanded props more common?
Explicitly declare them.
>> Brian Holt: [COUGH] It
depends on who you ask.
I'm a big fan of not using objects and
using lots of props.
But you'll get people that
will disagree with me,
cuz we do end up with things like this,
right?
This is getting quite long and
I've seen a lot longer, but
it's very explicit of this is
what this component expects.
Now, if you're using
something like TypeScript,
which I would suggest people do,
it can validate both.
And as long as everything is getting it
all that it requires, but it would be
the same thing if we just had an object,
and those were on multiple lines as well.
So it makes little difference.
I prefer having multiple top
level components personally.
I think it makes this simpler.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
Other questions?
If you haven't, or if you've fallen
behind, there is another commit here that
you can go grab that we're under the state
and life cycles part of the course.
So feel free to go grab that.